And then Class is well with you, study.
great really miss you see the
people are always charging and sending
messages and half if asking for it is the
madson record another video there people
Today I decided to record, right?
there is an opening that our great friend
dj abuja
Let's record, so get ready.
from now you will enter the
Wonderful world of sound
you will enter the wonderful world of
sound
sound count in 5 4 3 2 1
the 1 st prison of the sound
the sound pressure being 1 and the
midrange and treble is the god committee
God's song is the dog to the hell's
What will you hear here?
that you will hear here the rest is
The small potatoes are fool
the rest is fichinha
I'm the bombs only the best.
the number one of the tracks that iha buja
jay weeps the clarice between paris and
clear that from now on will
enter the wonderful world of the sun only
ge count 54 colors the sound pressure
grave wells
mexico mexico
google the treble
mine is the congo white car run to de
God is what you will hear here the rest.
is phishing is and mind the extra
Only the best pumps
the number one of the tracks
the dj pretend of june search